all right everyone we're back with
another video of Dragon City really
surprised today I don't think I saw this
dragon on sale I'm not sure why maybe I
missed it maybe I did it or maybe it
just came on sale not too long ago but
19 hours 20 hours is left well I don't
know I'm Ryan rounding it up because it
says 19 hours 50 something minutes and
you know something seconds so around 20
hours in my opinion it's around 20 hours
it's good enough to be called 20 hours
but yeah today is June 1st 2014 we have
this dragon on sale available for a
limited time 90 gems element of P R and
an element of light the core dragon is
what the dragon is called here he is he
looks like those mechanical kind of
things huh I don't I don't know alright
let's just make this purchase like I was
saying this dragon can only be purchased
and here it is 16 hours is what you're
looking for in terms of hatching time
and then you can place it into any pier
or light habitat and we don't have any
pier or light habitat alright that's a
bad thing let's just go on in here let's
just look for a pier you know we don't
have that many pier habitats and light
you have attached we're low on as well
you know light habitats cost a lot
alright it's the exact same element as
the Zen dragon but yeah we're going to
go look for a habitat the place is
dragging in so it might take a while
bear with us as we go through the sting
collecting some money for fun and then
we're gonna look for the Terra habitat
okay we only have one Terra habitat I'm
not sure if that's a bad thing or a good
thing
alright you know what let's build
another Terra habitat oh we can't do
that anymore
well that stinks now this is really bad
really really bad alright we just built
this this dark habitat and we have to
sell it already oh it's a pain to see it
go but it is what it is and let's just
build a quick Terra habitat it should
take a couple of seconds it shouldn't
take that long
alright it's already at 50% as you can
see four three two one and finish it is
and we're just gonna place the dragon on
to they're annoyed we have to move this
dragon aside move it aside like that and
then we need to move one of these
dragons what is this D just this dragon
okay we're gonna move it there now we
can place the core dragon into D'Lite
habitat there it is brand new core
dragon colors of orange and a color of
gray alright what did he just do there
do it again do it again he jumps up in
the air and then he charges his energy
within his chest and then he makes that
ethereal blast into the ground and then
he dives down into the ground that's
about it we're gonna evolve it to second
form and take a look at his second form
where are you second form there is his
second form right there let's look at
the animation
all right come on okay so he turns into
a ball and he makes like atomic Blas I
don't know some sort of light beam looks
pretty cool anyways we're gonna evolve
it to a final form that would be it
that is the little lookee at this core
dragon in dragon city and how you get it
you can only get it through buying it
you can't breed it come on
final form alright so that his chest
shuts down and then he takes out the
lightbulb and then he hits it a bit and
then he shines again alright so that is
pretty much it for the core dragon
nothing else to talk about there's his
size and you know his head isn't that
big if you're wondering what I was
saying before that the new dragons have
big head this dragon doesn't have any
big head so I'm not really sure why
maybe it's a different designer maybe
it's something else but yeah that's
pretty much it you have to buy it to get
this dragon for your game it's only
available for a limited time and it was
first made available on june 1st 2014